feat: remove restriction to use secure cookies in localhost (#4300)
blitz-js/blitz: .changeset/grumpy-deers-rest.md

---
"@blitzjs/auth": patch
---

> fix: remove restriction to use `secure` cookies in localhost / during development. [MDN docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#restrict_access_to_cookies)

Author: ```suggestion
fix: remove restriction to use `secure` cookies in localhost / during development following spec in [developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#restrict_access_to_cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#restrict_access_to_cookies) regarding usage of secure cookies
```

> fix: remove restriction to use `secure` cookies in localhost / during development following spec in [developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#restrict_access_to_cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#restrict_access_to_cookies) regarding usage of secure cookies

Author: ```suggestion
fix: remove restriction to use `secure` cookies in localhost / during development following spec in [developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#restrict_access_to_cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#restrict_access_to_cookies) 
```
